[Workerless Shoots] Adapt `Shoot` flows and add e2e tests (#7882)
gardener/gardener: docs/extensions/shoot-health-status-conditions.md

# Contributing to Shoot Health Status Conditions

Gardener checks regularly (every minute by default) the health status of all shoot clusters.
It categorizes its checks into five different types:

* `APIServerAvailable`: This type indicates whether the shoot's kube-apiserver is available or not.
* `ControlPlaneHealthy`: This type indicates whether the core components of the Shoot controlplane (ETCD, KAPI, KCM..) are healthy.
* `EveryNodeReady`: This type indicates whether all `Node`s and all `Machine` objects report healthiness.
* `ObservabilityComponentsHealthy`: This type indicates whether the  observability components of the Shoot control plane (Prometheus, Vali, Plutono..) are healthy.
* `SystemComponentsHealthy`: This type indicates whether all system components deployed to the `kube-system` namespace in the shoot do exist and are running fine.

> In case of workerless shoot `EveryNodeReady` condition is not present on shoot since there are no nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of workerless `Shoot`, `EveryNodeReady` condition is not present in the `Shoot`'s conditions since there are no nodes in the cluster.
```
